RISC OS port of distcc
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

distcc is a program to distribute builds of C, C++, Objective C or
Objective C++ code across several machines on a network. distcc should
always generate the same results as a local build, is simple to install
and use, and is usually much faster than a local compile.

This is a port of the distcc client. While it would be possible to port
the server, this would have limited benfit. The intended use is to speed
up compilation of programs where the build system must run on RISC OS,
but the actual compilation can be done by the GCCSDK cross compiler on
another, faster, machine. The speedup achieved varies depending on the
code complexity and optimisation levels used. C++ benefits more than C.
distcc cannot be used with the Norcroft compiler.

Dependencies:
GCCSDK on the server machine.
GCC on the client.
!UnixHome

To use, set up the server machine as described on
http://distcc.samba.org. The only difference needed is to ensure that
when running the distccd, the gccsdk cross compiler is found in $PATH
before the native compiler, so distccd will find the correct compiler.
On the RISC OS client machine, the hostname of the server must be
specifed, either in the file !UnixHome.home./distcc.hosts or in the
system variable UnixEnv$DISTCC_HOSTS. Note that it is not recommeded to
put localhost in this list as it would be for other platforms. Then,
simply prefix the command line when calling the compiler to include
distcc, e.g. distcc gcc -c foo.c -o foo.o

Known problems
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Throwback doesn't work for things that are compiled on the remote host.

While this port should in theory cope with running in parallel sending
different jobs to different hosts, this would normally be achieved by
useing make -j. On all current RISC OS ports of make, the -j option will
not actually run things in parallel, and so no benefit is gained by
using the -j option. Because of this, specifying more than one remote
host to use will not give any speed benefit.

Any future updates to the port should be available from
http://www.alexwaugh.com